1 Chaya
Chaya stands for Authentic Japanese Cuisine, Wholesome Food
and Healthy Lifestyle.
Whether you are planning an intimate dinner for friends, a corporate luncheon,
or an extravagant gathering, you will find the
perfect setting at Chaya.
It’s as authentic as you can get out of Japan.. Oishikata!”
 Teng G.

2 arca's yard
Arca’s Yard is located along Baguio-Ambuklao Road,
far away from the hustle and bustle of the Central Business District.
At Arca’s Yard can you find a breathtaking, panoramic view of Baguio City because of its high location.
It is a place where you can experience a quiet ambience with the presence of nature around and the feeling of nostalgic Baguio.


3 hill station
Hearty laughter and hearty meals – mention Mitos and these two things come to mind immediately!
Mitos grew up in the kitchens of the women of her family, easily the most exclusive culinary
education one could imagine. There she was initiated into the pleasures of food made with love.
When Mitos began her own family she chose Baguio to be the city in which to keep a hearth burning.

4 lemon and olives
Kalorisma! We're Baguio's first authentic Greek restaurant.
Our very own Chef Takis is from Athens, Greece.
Everyday he cooks his favorite Greek dishes using some ingredients straight from his homeland.
Picture a taste of Greece!

5 cafe by the ruins
Our menu is designed to feature natural and local ingredients of the region,
to purvey vegetables and fruits in their best season and to provide vegetarian options.

6 cafe yagam
CAFE YAGAM also offers full meals including native Cordillera delicacies, Pasta and Sandwiches.
BUT the real showstopper is the COFFEE.
Handpicked beans are always freshly roasted and ground just minutes from when you sip from your cup.

7 R & B Cafe and Library
YOU + Coffee + Books + Food + Friends + WIFI + Coworking Space + Social Activities = R & B Café and Library

8 LE CHEF
LE CHEF AT THE MANOR by Chef Billy King is regarded as the BEST fine-dining restaurant in Baguio.
People would go up to Baguio just to taste Chef Billy King's food with the classic Baguio log cabin ambiance.
It's lovely to dine here during the Yuletide season with the cold Baguio breeze caressing customers
while Christmas tunes play softly in the background.

9 MAMA'S TABLE
The Chef Vicky in Mercato Centrale, with her stall selling her yummy goodies from Baguio, when we first opened in 2010.
She offers an 8-course, French-inspired, strictly-by-reservation private dining in her lovely home in Baguio.
She only accepts strictly one group at a time, with a minimum of 6 persons.
There is no menu, so just be prepared to be surprised with the 3-hour, 8-course Degustation Meal.

10 Coffee and pine
Coffee & Pine is newly opened and is fast to climb this list.
Every corner of the place is just IG worthy. It also has an
overlooking view of the mountains and the pine trees.
They have a good mix of cakes, meals, sandwiches which is also well presented.
